get out of my way huh what's a pipsqueak
Asura like you gonna do about it
oh I see howdy folks my name is Richie
aka barn I'm back with another Guild
Wars 2 video the escape from lion's arch
patch is now live and because our city
our wonderful wonderful city is all fire
and under attack a lot of the amenities
and vendors and different things that we
you know use on a daily basis has been
displaced and you can see in your darn
fields when the vigil keep a lot of the
things have been moves you've got the
portals to the different cities are here
you've got banks and guild bankers
trading posts a lot of the the vendors
are are in this area around here but
there is a little bit of drama going on
in the forums that I've noticed
surrounding a gem store item and this
gem store item is this here captains
airship pass and this kind of acts like
the Royal terrorists pass that used to
be on sale that gave you that little
private section of Divinity's reach
where you can just port to it and
basically have all of the stuff that you
would need from a city and one small
location very convenient kind of thing
but it didn't give you any kind of
advantage over other players it was just
something that you know it was a
convenience item so now you have this
captains airship you can get a two-week
pass four hundred and fifty gems or you
can buy this man mojama
captain's airship passed for 1,000 this
is permanent and so people are freaking
out because apparently in this section
here where the vigil keep is there's no
crafting stations and I think there's no
Laurel vendor either and those are two
things obviously you had in Lion's Arch
and so the the thread I've was reading
on the forums basically said hey you
know you you took out our crafting our
ability to craft items and use Laurel
vendors and you know you put them behind
a pay gate so you can use this you know
there's new gem store items actually get
those convenience items so before I tell
you what I think about this whole
situation I thought let's check out
exactly what this airship past does and
now I'm not gonna actually buy one of
those - I was actually fortunate enough
to get a three of these airship passes
just from doing the events and lions are
so I'm gonna use one of them here show
you off what it does I believe it's
gonna port us up to this airship up here
and that's where all of the conveniences
are gonna be located but let's go check
it out we'll see what it is and then
we'll wrap up with my thoughts at the
end are you sure you want to consume
I want to consume where am I going okay
here we are we are up here crab crab
toss is here
oh my god it's pay2win crab toss is here
all right we got the retrain her up here
Malak airship exit it does look like we
are way let's say doesn't show us on the
map where we are okay yeah we are on the
airship over here it's pretty cool from
up here we've got the guild master
merchant guild Armour guild bank guild
promoter and guilt accommodation all the
guild stuff is right here guild
weaponsmith alright let's go down here
I hear music being played these tight
quarters are no good for a Norn oh by
the way I fixed my my ability to like be
too tall I got this chocolate box ah
that's much better than I could see okay
so that's just another player alright we
do have the crafting tables here oh I
like these crafting stations look at
them they're like holographic
please sir stop with that please please
sir don't do that okay so we do have the
ability to use all the crafting vendors
right here let's say it's or another
level to it yes we've got the repair
vendor here's a Laurel vendor Laurel
merchants weaponsmith merchants
merchants armorsmith
okay oh there's more up here look at
this so I totally missed this first
run-through we've got the mystic Forge
and the mystic forge attendant we have a
bank and black lion weapons specialist
Trading Post vendor all right so it does
have pretty much everything you would
want from a major city and the helmsman
well the helmsman acts as the portal
okay so you can go on any of the major
cities here so really this this this is
one-stop shopping very convenient you
can get everything you possibly want in
one location from getting this pass so
what do I think about this whole
controversy well I don't think I don't
want to say that anybody who thinks
negatively of this I don't want to
discount their opinion I do see a little
bit of logic in the fact that hey we had
lion's arch it had all of these features
as part of the story you blew it up
which is cool but in that in that
transaction we have lost the ability to
access Laurel vendors and crafting
stations at the new lions heart lions
are Tubb individual I and I could see
though I see some of the logic there
that you used to have something and now
you don't have something and in order to
get that complete convenience again
there is a little bit of a of a of a pay
gate in place if you want to actually
get that you know the airship pass
however I do think that it is also
reasonable to say look this vigil area
gives you like 95 percent of the stuff
that you need including the portals to
the other towns the mystic Forge and
everything like that and if you're
really that concerned about the crafting
stations and about the Laurel vendors
there's all of the other racial capitals
you know black citadel and whole brac
and all those places they all have those
and they're just a there were way point
away there were a loading screen away
you can go here you can porta those for
free and you can access those things you
also can go to world vs. world right you
can just say hey I'm gonna go to
Blackgate Borderlands no I can't so I'm
on blockade of course oh I can go to
Jade Quarry Borderlands you can also
craft in all of the level 1 through 15
zones right there's a little crafting up
so I don't think it's unreasonable to
say hey you know if you use one little
extra loading screen you can get all of
the same conveniences that used to have
is it a little bit less convenient yes
but do I think this is like just such
such an evil money grab that they would
do this of course they're killing lions
aren't off and then they're selling
these airship passes through they're
doing this to you know train every bit
of money out of it I really don't think
so I can't think of a single person
that's gonna say hey I need to buy this
airship thing now because if I can't get
to you know my crafting vendors are my
Laurel then there's at one space then
then I'm just gonna go crazy I do know a
couple people that want the airship pass
just because they like the fact that
they can just click it from anywhere and
instantly go to a place to get all their
stuff done that's different but look I
got my Laurel vendor right here in world
versus world and you know if I went to
my I was able to get to my own home
borderland then I'd be able to do the
crafting and stuff like that there as
well so I don't know how did you guys
weigh in on it do you think it's a it's
you think it's an evil moneygrab or do
you think it's okay for them to try to
monetize an item of convenience like
this let me know in the comments field
below and yeah if you like this video
and you enjoyed this video please hit
that like button share it with your
friends and I hope everybody has a
fantastic day and I'll see you next time
take care